---
layout: post
title:  "Discover the New Generation of Mini PCs: Beelink SEI 12 vs. Intel Nuck 12 Pro"
author: Mini-PC
categories: [ Mini-PC, Beelink]
image: assets/images/Beelink_SEI12.png
---

Welcome, mini-pcs enthusiasts! Today, we dive into the exciting world of mini PCs with a showdown between two titans: the Beelink SEI 12 and the Intel Nuck 12 Pro. Get ready for a battle full of cores, performance, and value.

**What Makes These Mini PCs So Special?**

The Beelink SEI 12 surprises us with its 10 cores and 12 threads of processing power, along with its Xe graphics. It's like having a powerhouse on your desktop! On the other hand, the Intel Nuck 12 Pro, while pricier, offers high-end performance with its own array of impressive features. [Buy on Amazon](https://geni.us/4YFgVn)


**Unboxing the Experience**

Imagine cracking open the SEI 12's box and finding HDMI cables of varying lengths, screws, and even a power brick! Its innovative design blends the ruggedness of plastic with the elegance of waterproof felt. It feels like holding an old friend in your hands!

**Performance Put to the Test: Benchmarks and Games**

We delve into the realm of benchmarks and games, and the numbers speak for themselves. From Cinebench to 3DMark, each test reveals the potential of these mini PCs. Who will emerge as the performance king? The results will surprise you!

**Beyond Gaming: Emulation and Power Consumption**

We discover that both the Beelink SEI 12 and the Intel Nuck 12 Pro can take PlayStation 2 emulation to the next level. But beware of PlayStation 3 games! Additionally, we analyze the power consumption and thermal management of these compact devices. [Buy on Amazon](https://geni.us/4YFgVn)

**FAQs:**

1. **Is Beelink made in China?**
   Yes, Beelink is a brand based in China that specializes in manufacturing mini PCs and other computing devices.

2. **What are the specs of Beelink SEI 12 mini PC?**
   The Beelink SEI 12 mini PC features a 10-core 12-thread CPU with Xe graphics, comes pre-built with Windows 11 Pro, offers options for 16GB or 32GB of DDR4 memory, and supports adding a 2.5-inch SSD internally.

3. **How big is the Beelink SEI 3?**
   The size of the Beelink SEI 3 mini PC is not provided in the information provided. However, it likely varies depending on the specific model and form factor.

4. **What are the specs of Beelink GK55 mini PC?**
   Unfortunately, the information provided does not include details about the Beelink GK55 mini PC. However, Beelink mini PCs typically come with various configurations of processors, memory, storage, and connectivity options.

**Specifications Comparison:**

| Feature          | Beelink SEI 12                       | Intel Nuck 12 Pro                   |
|------------------|--------------------------------------|-------------------------------------|
| Processor        | 10-core 12-thread CPU                | 2th Generation Intel Core i5-1240P          |
| Graphics         | Xe graphics                          |  Intel Iris Xe Graphics           |
| Memory           | 16GB or 32GB DDR4                    | 16 GB            |
| Storage          | Support for 2.5-inch SSD             | 512GB SSD            |
| Operating System | Windows 11 Pro pre-installed         | [Windows 11 Pro                 |
| Port Selection   | Dual USB 3, USB Type C, Headphone Jack, Dual HDMI, USB 2, Gigabit LAN |  Dual USB 3, USB Type C, Headphone Jack, Dual HDMI, USB 2, Gigabit LAN ... |
| Power Consumption| 13W idle,73W maximum    | 10W idle  |

**The Final Verdict: Which One Should You Choose?**

The Beelink SEI 12 offers a comprehensive package at a more affordable price, while the Intel Nuck 12 Pro provides premium features and exceptional performance. What matters more to you: value or power?

We hope this journey has excited you as much as it has us! Do you have a favorite yet? Share your thoughts in the comments and join the conversation! Until the next tech adventure! 🚀💻
