---
layout: post
title:  "Discover the New S1 Mini PC from Ace Magic: Compact Power and Unlimited Customization"
author: Mini-PC
categories: [ Mini pc]
image: assets/images/ACEMAGIC_S1.png
--- 

Are you looking for a compact yet powerful computing companion? Then the S1 Mini PC from Ace Magic is your best bet! In this post, I'll take you through all the amazing features that make this mini PC stand out in the market.

## Innovative and Customizable Design

The first thing you'll notice about the S1 is its front LCD screen, an innovative feature that allows you to customize your user experience like never before. From CPU usage to temperature and more, everything is at your fingertips. Plus, its sleek and compact design makes it perfect for any space.

## Powerful and Versatile Performance

With a potent 12th Gen Intel processor and up to 16GB of DDR4 RAM, the S1 can not only handle your daily tasks seamlessly but also lets you enjoy 4K video playback without compromises.

## Limitless Gaming and Emulation

Are you a fan of retro games or emulation? The S1 has the power to take your gaming experience to the next level. From classic games to PSP and PS2 emulators, this mini PC delivers stunning performance and a smooth gaming experience.

## Connectivity and Storage

With dual HDMI ports, Gigabit Ethernet, and multiple USB ports, the S1 provides you with complete connectivity for all your needs. Plus, with storage options of up to 1TB in NVMe SSD, you'll never run out of space for your files and programs.

## Affordable Price and Energy Efficiency

Despite all its advanced features, the S1 remains affordable and consumes low energy. This makes it an ideal choice for those seeking solid performance without breaking the bank or the electricity budget.  [Buy on Amazon](https://amzn.to/3xxNqBo)

## Specifications

| Specifications         | Details                                    |
|------------------------|--------------------------------------------|
| Processor              | 12th Gen Intel N95                         |
| RAM                    | 16GB DDR4 at 3200MHz (single channel)      |
| Storage                | 1TB NVMe SSD                               |
| Ports                  | Dual HDMI, Dual Gigabit Ethernet, USB 2.0/3.0 |
| Graphics               | Intel UHD Graphics up to 1200MHz           |
| Operating System       | Windows 11                                 |
| Connectivity           | Wi-Fi 6, Bluetooth 5.2                     |
| Dimensions             | Compact and sleek design                    |
| Price                  | Affordable starting at $149                 |

In summary, the S1 Mini PC from Ace Magic is a perfect blend of performance, design, and customization. If you're looking for a computing device that adapts to your needs and provides an exceptional experience, look no further than the S1.

Get yours today and discover everything the S1 has to offer! [Buy on Amazon](https://amzn.to/3xxNqBo)